h2. About Quicksilver on Github

This repository is an off-the-side copy of the Quicksilver B5X Subversion repository currently hosted at Google Code.
I have done this in the hopes of improving Quicksilver and fixing bugs over time.

If you want more info about Quicksilver just do a search on YouTube - there's tons of very helpful instructional and informational video tutorials.
Or visit the "mailing list (Quicksilver Google Group)":http://groups.google.com/group/blacktree-quicksilver hosted at Google Groups.

h3. Development

In case you checkout or clone this repo here is one part of Quicksilver's readme which details an important step in setting Xcode up to build:

bq. "Building Quicksilver will require you to edit the Configuration/Developer.xcconfig file and point the QS_SOURCE_ROOT configuration variable (drag the Quicksilver folder next to this file in the Developer.xcconfig window and remove "file://localhost/" and the ending slash)."

This step is %{color:red}absolutely crucial%. If you still get lots of errors open the Build Settings panel and make sure that each build configuration is based on the correct xcconfig file (the names should match). Sometimes Xcode just "forgets" that a particular build configuration was based on a xcconfig file, thus losing important settings. 

It is also neccesary to define two Quicksilver specific source trees in Xcode's preferences:

*QS_SOURCE_ROOT* which points to the source root of the download 
p. example path: %{color:slategray}source_download/B5X/Quicksilver%

*QSFrameworks* which is pointing to the Frameworks directory inside Quicksilver.app from Applications
p. example path: %{color:slategray}/Applications/Quicksilver.app/Contents/Frameworks%. 

Note: The names (in bold) are important.